Do you know?
He was quick and mean and said how handsome he was when he shut up
That momentum directly stunned everyone present
I didn't know his identity at the time
I have already heard his words by the ghost axe god
Have you seen China Little Master?
His scalpel
It makes it as fast as the special effects of that cartoon
Well, I couldn't help but see straight.
I was so excited that I almost let out a cock crow
Awesome, awesome
Then Jing Rui would laugh
You can still laugh so happily
Ah sir please go out
This is a private room
Outsiders are not allowed in
I am his father
Ah hello hello hello Mr. Li Qi
Then I won't bother you two
I'll go out first
Oh yes sir you are so happy
To have such a powerful wife
He knew Qi Jingning
Lin Jingrui
Why did you run away from home?
Missing for so many days
Why don't you know to make a phone call?
That's what I taught you.
You can have another one with that woman
I'm about to die, Lin Jingrui
Who wears you and talks like that?
As long as I am in one day
You have to give me a good life
Living is really tiring
Xiao Rui
Just be stronger, okay?
I've done my best.
Give you all the best things
This world
There are still so many children without all
They are all trying to live
I'm not tired many times.
You have no idea what I want
But dad will be relieved